README.md, before:

# Unifying Privacy Policy Toolchain

This is the accompanying repository for the "Unifying Privacy Policy Detection" paper which was published in the [Privacy Enhancing Technology Symposium (PETS) 2021](https://petsymposium.org/2021/paperlist.php).

The aim of this project is to support privacy policy researchers with a unified solution for creating privacy policy corpora. 

At the moment, we have uploaded the source code as a proof of concept, according with the trained classifiers and vectorizers in English and German. However, we are aiming to provide a pip package as soon as possible in order to ease the application of this toolchain. 

## Explanation
The toolchain consists of five steps:
1. Finding potential privacy/cookie policies on websites
2. Text-from-HTML extraction
3. Language detection
4. Key phrase extraction
5. Classification

Currently, the tool saves the data and according metadata in a [TinyDB](https://tinydb.readthedocs.io/en/latest/) database, which offers benefits such as potability and simplicity. If a different data storage format is required, the code can be adapted easily due to its modular design. 

## Structure of the repository
The current structure of the repository is depicted as follows:

```
.
|-- README.md
`-- privacy_policy_toolchain
    |-- feature_list
    |   |-- feature_list_de.txt
    |   `-- feature_list_en.txt
    |-- ppt.py
    `-- resources
        |-- VotingClassifier_soft_de.pkl
        |-- VotingClassifier_soft_en.pkl
        |-- trained_vectorizer_de.pkl
        `-- trained_vectorizer_en.pkl
```

Commit message:

Updated documentation and added environment file

README.md, after:

# Unifying Privacy Policy Toolchain

This is the accompanying repository for the "Unifying Privacy Policy Detection" paper which was published in the [Privacy Enhancing Technology Symposium (PETS) 2021](https://petsymposium.org/2021/paperlist.php).

The aim of this project is to support privacy policy researchers with a unified solution for creating privacy policy corpora. 

At the moment, we have uploaded the source code as a proof of concept, according with the trained classifiers and vectorizers in English and German. However, we are aiming to provide a pip package as soon as possible in order to ease the application of this toolchain. 

## Environment Setup

We use Anaconda on Ubuntu 20.04 in order to create the Python environment. To setup the environment, please follow the instructions as provided below:

```
conda create -n pptc python=3.6.11 pip
conda activate pptc
conda env create -f environment.yml

```

Having setup the Python environment, we also need to download a [trained model](https://fasttext.cc/docs/en/language-identification.html) of FastText for the language detection module. For this purpose:

```
wget https://dl.fbaipublicfiles.com/fasttext/supervised-models/lid.176.bin -P ./resources

```


## Explanation
The toolchain consists of five steps:
1. Finding potential privacy/cookie policies on websites
2. Text-from-HTML extraction
3. Language detection
4. Key phrase extraction
5. Classification


Currently, the tool saves the data and according metadata in a [TinyDB](https://tinydb.readthedocs.io/en/latest/) database, which offers benefits such as potability and simplicity. If a different data storage format is required, the code can be adapted easily due to its modular design. If you have any questions about how to work with the code or regarding replication of our results, feel free to contact us.

## Structure of the repository
The current structure of the repository is depicted as follows:

```
.
|-- README.md
`-- privacy_policy_toolchain
    |-- feature_list
    |   |-- feature_list_de.txt
    |   `-- feature_list_en.txt
    |-- ppt.py
    `-- resources
        |-- VotingClassifier_soft_de.pkl
        |-- VotingClassifier_soft_en.pkl
        |-- trained_vectorizer_de.pkl
        `-- trained_vectorizer_en.pkl
```

The folder `resources` contains the trained models and the vectorizers for both English and German.

## Paper
Henry Hosseini, Martin Degeling, Christine Utz, Thomas Hupperich. "Unifying Privacy Policy Detection." PETS 2021.

## Contact
* Henry Hosseini: henry.hosseini@wi.uni-muenster.de
